README.md, before:

# Maze Escapists

### Task List
- David - Timer: have a timer countdown be displayed on the top-left corner of the game
    - Use text() function to display text on the p5 canvas
    - If the timer runs out before the player reaches the end, redirect to losing screen
- Pope - Sound effect to play every time the character dies from laser
    - Pick the audio on your own discretion
    - Load the audio in preload(), use audio.play()
    - Everytime character hits laser, play this audio
- Coco - Mobile Accessibility: for mobile players, we could add Up/Down/Left/Right buttons somehow for character control?
    - we could make these buttons in the HTML UI
    - create event listeners for buttons click within window.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded") { ... }
- Knight Movement Indicator
    - when character dies from knight, indicate the squares in which the knight is able to attack
    - with red shade
- Sewon - Wrong Level Rendering error
    - Replicate by selecting level4, then lvl5 shows up, die to get to lvl4
- Sewon - Wrong level on Select element error
    - Replicate by going to one level, progressing to next
- Sewon - Create level8
    - use a combination of knight & laser to create dynamic gameplay
    - play test it, ensure it is playable
- Sewon - Fix knight-related bug
    - eating a knight in lvl4, then switching to a diff level and going back to lvl4 causes this bug
    - the knight will no longer exist as a result
- Ele - Improve appearance of end block
    - right now end block is a purple square
    - rendering a door/gate image onto the end block should make it more intuitive for players
- Level Selection improvement
    - right now, all we have is a select input to go to a new level
    - we can consider grouping levels into "Worlds" and develop a level selection UI in accordance
    - further details can be planned later

- Alex: Intro screen for game
    - Minimally, we could have an simple instruction and a (start) button for this.
- Sewon: add lvl6 w new knight ideas, add small lvl7 with mass laser idea
- Sewon: create larger maps by displaying only 9x9 (or less) around the character
- Sewon: move all knight-related code/logic to diff js file
- Sewon: add lighting system in proximity distance w character
- Sewon: levels must be unlocked by completion of its previous (store persistent data in localstorage)
- Sewon: add item to increase time when collected
- Sewon: add cannon obstacle

Commit message:

fixed dead knights not restoring on changelevel() error, fixed wrong level rendering error

README.md, after:

# Maze Escapists

### Task List
- David - Timer: have a timer countdown be displayed on the top-left corner of the game
    - Use text() function to display text on the p5 canvas
    - If the timer runs out before the player reaches the end, redirect to losing screen
- Pope - Sound effect to play every time the character dies from laser
    - Pick the audio on your own discretion
    - Load the audio in preload(), use audio.play()
    - Everytime character hits laser, play this audio
- Coco - Mobile Accessibility: for mobile players, we could add Up/Down/Left/Right buttons somehow for character control?
    - we could make these buttons in the HTML UI
    - create event listeners for buttons click within window.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded") { ... }
- Ele - Improve appearance of end block
    - right now end block is a purple square
    - rendering a door/gate image onto the end block should make it more intuitive for players
- Alex: Intro screen for game
    - Minimally, we could have an simple instruction and a (start) button for this.

- Level Selection improvement
    - right now, all we have is a select input to go to a new level
    - we can consider grouping levels into "Worlds" and develop a level selection UI in accordance
    - further details can be planned later
- Knight Movement Indicator
    - when character dies from knight, indicate the squares in which the knight is able to attack
    - with red shade

- Sewon: dead knights not restored on changelevel error
- Sewon - Wrong Level Rendering error
    - Replicate by selecting level4, then lvl5 shows up, die to get to lvl4
- Sewon - Wrong level on Select element error
    - Replicate by going to one level, progressing to next
- Sewon - Create level8
    - use a combination of knight & laser to create dynamic gameplay
    - play test it, ensure it is playable
- Sewon - Fix knight-related bug
    - eating a knight in lvl4, then switching to a diff level and going back to lvl4 causes this bug
    - the knight will no longer exist as a result
- Sewon: add lvl6 w new knight ideas, add small lvl7 with mass laser idea
- Sewon: create larger maps by displaying only 9x9 (or less) around the character
- Sewon: move all knight-related code/logic to diff js file
- Sewon: add lighting system in proximity distance w character
- Sewon: levels must be unlocked by completion of its previous (store persistent data in localstorage)
- Sewon: add item to increase time when collected
- Sewon: add cannon obstacle
- Sewon: add mortar obstacle
- Sewon: indicate laser block even when off
